hey guys what's up its Zach here and
welcome to PK commentary number one in
today's video we're just be using what
dds but my plus one isn't the whip it's
the new hazard cape as you can see i got
the other night Plus 8 strength bonus
plus 3 and all attacks plus 12 mental
defense so for it to pretty good cape so
i was testing out earlier to see how it
would do and i bring in some pretty good
hits with it as well as the yes / DNA
spec so should be interesting a see I'm
just finding an edge well as you can
tell by my gear anyways enough talking
let's venge up and let's go get a fight
alright guys as you can see we got a
fight here versus Casper I he's using
those new gloves so we're gonna have to
keep have to keep doing that so that's
the only thing that's annoying about him
but it's alright i guess and go for the
quick ok Oh boom like that that's when I
talk about the specs guys there we go
that was a good start to the video how
long was that fight not too long at all
anyways I'll be back with the next sweat
guys as he cuz he's just that's the loop
pile not much but decent kill I'll be
back with the next clue alright guys
were back and we got a fight here versus
beasted me so wait for my attack me any
skills if he is going to watch come on
man attack me there we go finally and
we're off hopefully despite last a lot
longer than last night last night was
pretty pretty fast but i also don't have
as much d aspects I for us during a spec
recover when I went to the bank from the
last fight so that may hurt me a bit but
too late now to go get itself but um
yeah basically just been trying tested
this new cave have some fun with it
something different you know the pka a
different something unique and different
so that's why I wanted to make a video
on it quickly before more people get it
and that was a pretty prod spec what you
want my turn see what I can do really
wow see what that guy's is an example of
why the wildy is getting dead i mean
he's
packing and telling on a dds spec like
what are you going to do like sad people
to be honest enemies will be back with
my clique guys bang this is named George
Jung sorry George John and I got skull
and boom we're off but anyways let's see
I can get the kill here he's doing plays
you gotta defend your heart so he's got
a little less defense than me that's
what I should use it but don't get many
defenders as you saw in my bank meeting
um yeah just the sump my opinion so
found the jacket bits decent i guess but
it's I don't know it's decent it's fun G
if you want to use what Wendy dias with
it because you can get some good specs
with it but anyway some Saturday when I
did this I should have this video up by
tonight when I'm watching the hockey
game cuz yeah I am canadia stereotypical
Canadian watching hockey and you're
wondering my for anyone that does watch
hockey my favorite team is Toronto
there's a trauma police so you can
probably guess near where I live but I'm
it's nice i got friday on monday off
this week i know a lot of you guys don't
have like and when i was leg when i
click on them you got a lot of you guys
have a like the whole week off i know
like some people they had out the whole
last week off and then oh there you go
there you go to kill why i said it twice
mom yeah i'll just continue talking
right here they look this um i know a
lot of you guys had the whole week off
so lesson lucky for you guys and like
last week or whatever ours here we have
a march break but that's not until next
month obviously that's like four weeks
away or whatever i have that so yeah we
just got friday and monday off here but
still it's nice i got no homework as
well so get some i should have them
another video up soon on this game 1
items that say typical wildy stuff guys
anyone I and what that everything there
let's look let's just take to tell you
two houses you see all the one and i'll
be back with the next clip all right
guys
back with a fight against stroke my tool
but yeah so saying in the last last part
there the last clip bum no overheads
he's using karate isn't he whatever I'll
just use this not turmoil so no
overheads no not taking one that off
maybe like I even laugh in there it is
um yeah you can tell people have crosses
it's like sad form hope he can really
but don't see many people doing work to
dds see this guy this guy understands
what I'm saying about PK nowadays many
ways what I was trying to say was um
yeah I friday and monday off so it was
nice i gotta get another video up later
on this weekend um could probably gonna
be an artist blog and that guy just what
respect instant crossing but um oh it's
probably gonna be a RS blog starting all
my series there I told you covering the
new content which I did this PK
commentary end in our blog so it covers
the main three things i said i was going
to be doing as well as i got some ha PK
clips with actually when I team nigger
as well to upload in the future in a
video but not much it's just a few of
the good clips because mostly clips
their ribs anyways or just reg kills so
but um when you pull that stuff for the
Irish blog talk about took out some
stuff to talk about but what I did it
this week a nap but so if you guys are
have the week off or whatever even the
long weekend here I use it to your
antics try to do something that I'm that
would take a few days or whatever to do
just try to get it banging it on the
weekend that's what i'm doing i got
something but um but yeah it's nice i
also have no homework so no homework is
nice because there i always have like
two hours of homework which sucks but
because of my classes there because i
had a co-op if anyone knows what that is
last semester so i wasn't i didn't go to
school I worked with a plumbing company
actually
and so I was nice i never got any
homework but now i have like math
accounting and all that so i guess a lot
of work but oh well I want enough talk
about school so I don't think evening
you guys want to hear but anyways it's
the weekend free so this fight how's Ben
doing the mall this Kate bender decent
tez yep there you go see you guys and ah
I think I'm gonna end it there for the
video I know I'm getting hello um my
clips I've got four or five min for this
video the good ones I've had more
obviously I've been became more than
that but some Eclipse would either be
like people more than some of
the clips i already had sunday and just
like getting pj door people with cross C
and would be like Oh take it off and
would pray Mellie or whatever and just
stupid stuff really it's the world d
it's alright i guess but this used to be
a lot better but anyway thank you for
watching guys sorry if my commentary was
a little balance on the fights and just
getting used to doing PK commentaries it
will obviously like any of my
commentaries will improve in the future
as i keep going but yeah thanks for
watching guys and be sure to subscribe
like the video and leave a comment if
you want but I'm seeing hours blog to
monday or tuesday anyways see you guys